# 264. Ugly Number II
An ugly number is a positive integer whose prime factors are limited to 2, 3, and 5.

Given an integer n, return the nth ugly number.

Example 1:

Input: n = 10
Output: 12
Explanation: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12] is the sequence of the first 10 ugly numbers.

Example 2:

Input: n = 1
Output: 1
Explanation: 1 has no prime factors, therefore all of its prime factors are limited to 2, 3, and 5.

Constraints:

* 1 <= n <= 1690

# Solution
Ugly numbers can be generated by multiplying 2, 3, 5 to an existing ugly number. For example, the first a few ugly numbers are [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12]. If we multiply them by 2, 3, 5, we'll get the following sequences:

    2: 2, 4, 6, 10, 12, ...
    3: 3, 6, 12, 15, ...
    5: 5, 10, 15, ...

We can see ugly numbers are the result of merging three sorted sequences. Each sequence is generated by multiplying 2 or 3 or 5 to previous ugly numbers.

To merge three sorted arrays, we use 3 pointers to track each array. Each time, we select the smallest from the 3, write it to the result, and increment that pointer. This way, we can get the sequence of ugly numbers.

Note that there're duplicates in different sequences. For example, both sequence 2 and 3 have 6. Fortunately, because all sequences are sorted, if we always select the smallest number among the three sequences, duplicates will surely show up together. Within each individual sequence, there's no duplicates. Knowing these will help us merge the three sequences.


## Solution 1
Since we're merging fixed numbers of sorted arrays, each time we can iterate them to find the smallest number using O(1) time complexity. The overall time complexity will be O(n).

Since we need the previous ugly numbers to generate new ones, we need to store them in an array. Overall space complexity will be O(n).
